README.md, before:

# ⏱ trackerTimer Web App  

Network analysis of tracking elements.  

This is the source code repository for the [trackerTimer Web App](https://trackertimerwebapp.herokuapp.com/).  
This web app consumes the [trackerTimer API Server](https://trackertimerapi.herokuapp.com/).  

## Getting Started  

[Click here to open the trackerTimer Web App](https://trackertimerwebapp.herokuapp.com/).  

Simply and easily deploy this Web App to Heroku using this button:  

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)  

## About  

### Network Analysis  

The trackerTimer Web Application consumes the [trackerTimer API Server](https://github.com/nothingworksright/trackertimer_api) to generate and display network analysis waterfall diagrams.  

To generate a report, enter a URL into the URL field and click the Submit button. The report will be generated in the time it takes for the URL to load completely, and then you can review the results. Click the Start Over button to analyze a different URL.  

ℹ **Note**: *trackerTimer is an alpha, open-source project.*  

## Show Your Support  

Support this project by [making a pledge via Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/jmg1138).

Commit message:

Replaced Patreon with Beerpay.io

README.md, after:

# ⏱ trackerTimer Web App  

Network analysis of tracking elements.  

This is the source code repository for the [trackerTimer Web App](https://trackertimerwebapp.herokuapp.com/).  
This web app consumes the [trackerTimer API Server](https://trackertimerapi.herokuapp.com/).  

## Getting Started  

[Click here to open the trackerTimer Web App](https://trackertimerwebapp.herokuapp.com/).  

Simply and easily deploy this Web App to Heroku using this button:  

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)  

## About  

### Network Analysis  

The trackerTimer Web Application consumes the [trackerTimer API Server](https://github.com/nothingworksright/trackertimer_api) to generate and display network analysis waterfall diagrams.  

To generate a report, enter a URL into the URL field and click the Submit button. The report will be generated in the time it takes for the URL to load completely, and then you can review the results. Click the Start Over button to analyze a different URL.  

ℹ **Note**: *trackerTimer is an alpha, open-source project.*  

## Show your support  

Support this open source project and motivate me to continue development. Using [Beerpay.io](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer?focus=wish) you can send me support, and make a wish for a new feature or issue fix.  

[Click here to show your support](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer?focus=wish).  

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer/badge.svg?style=beer)](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer)  [![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer/make-wish.svg?style=flat)](https://beerpay.io/nothingworksright/trackertimer?focus=wish)
